[API Docs] Test plan & help text (#8326)
aces/Loris: modules/api_docs/test/TestPlan.md

# API Docs module Test Plan

##  Overview

> The API docs modules takes the api descriptor of LORIS's modules and creates an 

Reviewer: Why is the module overview in the test plan and not the README?

Author: Because it help the tester to understand what he/she is testing.
It can be added to the README if you want.

actionnable html page. Each endpoint of the selected schema is described and 
can be tried providing the required parameters. It uses 
[Swagger-ui](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui) to create the webpage.

> ##  Features

Reviewer: Why is this in the test plan and not the README?

Author: The is no other reason than providing a summary of the features to test to the tester.
It can be added to the README if you want. Or it can be remove from this file. Or else...

1. Presence of LORIS Menu Item 

2. Load schema from various modules.

3. Describe each endpoint's request body and expected responses. 

4. "Try it out" button to execute actions.

**_Note 1:_** Ideally, we should be testing each and every endpoints of all the 
definitions to make sure that requests and responses definitions matches the 
actual endpoints behaviour. This is out of scope for this module's tests plan 
and relies on the modules themselves to ensure that. 

---
## Permissions

> A user requires `API documentation` (`api_docs`) permission to access the 

Reviewer: Why are the permissions described in the testplan and not the README?

Author: I see it in the README
https://github.com/aces/Loris/tree/main/modules/api_docs#permissions

module.

**_Note 2:_** Schemas from modules that the user do not have access to 
shouldn't be available.

> **_Note 3:_** Even if the modules described all the endpoints of a given 
> schema, the availability of the endpoint and the data it presents when "try in 
> out", will depend on the user's permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**_Note 3:_** Even if the module has described all the endpoints of a given 
schema, the availability of the endpoint and the data it presents when using "try it 
out", will depend on the user's permissions.
```
